writer guy after you tuned himself so
see so the step done you hit it yet no I
haven't hit the stuff down yet and I'm
getting angry about it because I know
it's easy and I know it's gonna be fine
but it's just sometimes kind of nice to
follow a guy off at first feel like I
trust you like knows what they're doing
just for speeding to gauge it like so I
don't case it or overshoot it you know
Oh be that guy okay so let's go do it
bit of a point and shoot and I can't
appointed the wrong way kind of went too
far to the right but it's whatever
whatever I I think it's faster to
go around no kidding kidding here yeah
that's fine i'm gonna do it again add
the right speed like you had everything
that I was like hmm pound it yeah
straight down pit of despair which
probably looks like nothing on camera
hopefully there's been guys here like
growing about it and like hyping it up
is that when I go through it'll like
look where would be really sick sorry go
ah pretty good i came second so good
yeah i'm happy the best part of the
fridge
pinning it going fast and feeling good
where I did feel good I felt really good
and I guess there's nothing that
compares to that feeling in the world
yeah